Update CLion IDE Setup Docs with Code Completion Configuration (#11138)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/configuring_an_ide/clion.rst

    scons compiledb=yes

> Then, open the Godot root directory with CLion and wait for the project to be fully indexed. If IntelliSense features such as code completion, parameter info, or refactoring are not enabled, you will need to load the project with CMake. To do this, find the `CMakeLists.txt` file in the `platform\android\java\nativeSrcsConfigs` directory, right click, and select `Load CMake Project`. Once the project reloads, a `godot` build configuration will be added. This configuration can be safely deleted as the CMake file will not build the project and only exists for loading the project in JetBrains IDEs.

Reviewer: IntelliSense is a Microsoft trademark referring to their autocompletion and refactoring features in Visual Studio (and Visual Studio Code). It shouldn't be used to refer to features in other IDEs:

```suggestion
Then, open the Godot root directory with CLion and wait for the project to be fully indexed. If code completion, parameter information, or refactoring are not enabled, you will need to load the project with CMake. To do this, find the `CMakeLists.txt` file in the `platform\android\java\nativeSrcsConfigs` directory, right click, and select `Load CMake Project`. Once the project reloads, a `godot` build configuration will be added. This configuration can be safely deleted as the CMake file will not build the project and only exists for loading the project in JetBrains IDEs.
```

Author: Good call out! I’ll apply your suggestions
